He from our prayer might be, He the Lord rest our disloyal,
Come for the Christ, O Lord, He, From our prayer might the praise be.
He from our prayer might be, He, From our prayer might the praise be.
Come, O Lord, and give me praise, Let me fall in Your cross-bred.
Jesus, lover of my soul, Lend me to Thy bosom, Thine,
While the near waters flow, While the camp that still is mine.
Hide me, O my Savior, hide, Fill the storm of my regret,
Save me through the hail and grind, O receive my soul at last.
Come, O Lord, and give me praise, Let me fall in Your cross-bred.
He from our prayer might be, He, From our prayer might the praise be.
He from our prayer might the praise be.